fix: do not update secret when tls.secretName is empty (#3719)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: CHANGELOG.md

 - [0.0.5](#005)
 - [0.0.4 and prior](#004-and-prior)

## [2.9.0]

> Release date: TBD

### Fixed

> - Fixed the issue that status of ingress is not updated when `secretName` is
>   not spefied in `ingress.spec.tls`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed the issue where the status of an ingress is not updated when `secretName` is
  not specified in `ingress.spec.tls`.
```

Author: updated CHANGELOG.
